for professional locator by GDI
geophysical instruments Quattro force
quality construction features a durable
laser-cut stainless steel console fixed
into a waterproof carry case
external 12-volt battery with a fast
on/off power supply connector
main power switch
protection by a 5 ampere fuse
four numbered ground probe jacks to
connect the wires
now clip the wires to the probes and
push the test button z' for all probe
pairs check Quatro force color screen
that displays target identity with
values and graphic labels automatically
audio alarm for gold and precious metals
internal test dummy loads as a function
check for gold and iron a new ground
adjust setting to reject minerals and
false readings from bad soil conditions
you